If you want to write a line on JavaScript, you got to ask me first.
You go through DAX, yeah.
What'd you say about Tailwind?
There's some technologies that we're all supposed to,
we all know we're supposed to say it's good, but we don't actually use.
And I included Tailwind on that list.
So literally what I said was, Tailwind is good, but I don't use it.
Tons of replies being like, you know, actually Tailwind is good.
It's just like, I thought the anti- Tailwind people were annoying,
but it turns out you're all just not every single person talking
about Tailwind is annoying.
And then except for you.
Yeah, except for me, of course.
You got the right take.
Yeah. And then today I tweeted, I posted that.
I was like, hey, everyone, I said Tailwind is good.
Like, you don't have to tell me that it's good.
And I know and I, like, three minutes average with that, I'm like,
ah, damn it, I'm not going to get the reverse.
I'm going to get all these people replying to me being like, no,
it's actually bad.
I don't understand why this one topic is just like such a it just attracts
the most annoying parts of everyone.
Yeah, it really does.
I love it.
I know you don't use it, but I also don't have strong opinions about why I love it.
I just once I started using it, I kept using it.
Yeah, I mean, I guess I've used that pattern for a very long time.
So I definitely appreciate it.
I just don't use it anymore.
And that's it.
It's not more interesting than that.
It's really not.
Yeah.
So I just finished this interview with a linear guy.
I don't know how much you caught a bit, but I'm mostly happy that it looked like
his setup was very good.
So I think his recording is going to be very good.
Oh, nice.
Because usually we get like not like, you know, most people aren't like us.
I just spent way too much money on our setups that we get.
Yeah.
I guess joins using not who was that Liz you had on her setup was off.
I'm just kidding.
Well, you know, that that that that that choice is frustrating because she will
come to me and she'll be like, Oh, you know what?
I think it does make a difference to have like a good mic and a good camera,
especially when she's just talking.
Anyway, it's investors to customers.
Like it's a nice first impression.
I'm like, Oh, great.
She like, she's into it like nice.
We can do this.
We can set it up really well and I want to.
And then she'll be like, but everything's so ugly.
Like I want my office to have this, right?
And it's impossible.
It is impossible.
She has like this nice, like warm, interesting lamp, like candle, like zen office vibe.
You're just not going to get that when you have like a mic arm.
That's like coming off the side.
It really sucks.
The struggle is real.
Like I wish I could have a really nice looking office like I did before I started
doing any of this and also produce video stuff, but there's just no way to make
it look good.
I've tried.
You can hide the cable.
That doesn't matter.
The stuff is huge.
There's just so much stuff.
Yeah.
You have to commit to a different vibe.
Straight off you're willing to make though.
You can make it look good for a camera or you can make it look good for people
in the office, but not both.
Yeah, I haven't hidden my cables at all.
It's a disaster.
I don't know how you did it.
There's so many cables.
I've only hidden the cables around my, like on my desk, like my computer stuff,
not really my media stuff, like all my cameras and stuff.
I think I did the first time, tried to like get everything so tucked away.
And then the first time I went to move it, I was like, never again, never doing
that again, because it's really annoying.
Then when you're like, I'm going to move the camera over here and you got to undo
a bunch of cable bundles and it's no good.
Yeah, my cables are just draped on the ground.
It's because I mean, I think you have the Sony camera, which is a little bit
better because you can plug it straight into your computer, right?
No, it's a cam link.
It's powered by just a USB-C cable.
Oh, USB-C cable.
OK, so yeah, my camera needs one of those fake batteries with people like a fake
battery and the camera and the battery has a wire and that's like a whole battery.
Yeah.
That's like a whole another thing.
And then the cam link wire and then.
Yeah, it's a it's a lot.
And what my light is giant.
Yeah, do you have a giant key light?
Yeah, you see what I did, though.
I just went with, I'm just going to, I didn't choose to go with this dark aesthetic,
but it's just because I don't want this giant thing.
My room is small, so I feel like it's going to get super hot.
I've never, I've never seen pictures of your office.
I don't actually know what it looks like.
Take.
Well, the reason I don't share pictures is because my cable management is terrible.
So I think any picture facing this way, like towards my computer, it just looks terrible.
Yeah.
Is it good aside from the camera and lights and stuff?
Like do you have your computer cable management sorted out?
Like my desk is fine.
Yes.
My desk is fine.
Yeah.
But like behind my desk on the floor is terrible.
Why you can see it when you take a picture.
So well, send me a picture.
You don't have to put it on the internet, but I want to.
I'm definitely not sending you a picture.
You're like the most OCD person.
I just want to understand.
I feel like if I see someone's working space, I understand them better.
You know, that's true.
I don't know if I want you to understand me like this, though.
That's funny.
So the linear thing, linear is real good.
And I heard people saying something like, Oh, I use notion instead.
Talk about a contrast.
Notions, like the slowest thing I've ever used in my life.
It is so bad.
How do people use notion?
I don't understand it.
So Liz is like a notion power user.
Like she should.
She just like start a discord or something where she just like, yeah, teaches people notion.
But even she says now, she said that it used to be really fast.
And now they've added every single feature possible.
Like they've added linear features to it.
They've added air table features to it.
And it's just kind of becoming this super cheap.
And it's gotten a lot slower.
I was hoping it had gotten faster because I haven't used it in a couple of years.
I was thinking maybe it was just growing pains and it's gotten better.
You're saying it's gotten slower.
Yeah.
Cause even she even she says now it's like she doesn't know if she loves it anymore.
She does like really crazy stuff in there, but just avoiding that blow.
If you just avoid blow oftentimes, like that's all you need to do.
And you're probably just stays very good for a long time.
I have the personality that like I've downloaded notion.
I think I did this in a GitHub project too.
I spend like a week where I just dump like so much information into some big
project management thing and like try and like get every little detail that I
could possibly track in there.
And then I never look at it again, like ever.
Yeah.
And I never learned I'll do it again in a year or so.
And then I'm back to this conversation again.
But yeah, it's just how you know when you're, it's like what role you should
have at a company organization.
And I'm the same way where I let things like if I, let's all try to use
some of these tools and I'll get really excited and I'll use them well for a
couple of days and then I'll kind of, I'll kind of fall off the habit.
Yeah.
And so it falls to the cracks and I'm not really keeping track of things.
And then there's people like Liz who are just like, she's so, she's so good
at keeping everything like not letting anything fall through.
And there's like making sure everything happens.
Yeah, like clearly one person is supposed to be a CEO.
The other person is supposed to be the person listening to the CEO.
So yes, it's just a personality.
I feel like you can't like really get better at it.
Cool.
I'm not going to try.
I'm going to try to remember that, but I don't need to try.
Are you like that in your family as well?
Like, does your wife take care of making sure everything happens?
So what needs to happen?
I guess like when we go on vacation, I'm the one who kind of organizes.
Like I do all the logistics, like, you know, flight, hotels.
Actually same, I generally do the logistics for the vacation as well.
But that's like the only thing.
Yeah, but once we get there, in terms of like planning out the fun activities,
that's more Casey.
But I have, like, when you said family, I did, I remember setting up a notion.
Like I was like just asking Casey all kinds of questions every day.
Like because I'm trying to create OKRs for our family.
Like, what are things we want to try and drive?
It was like what I learned about OKRs and then everything I saw was through the
lens of OKRs.
Don't set up OKRs for your family.
That's the dumbest thing ever.
It was so stupid or for your company.
Just don't just don't do OKRs or for your company.
There you go.
Yeah, it probably it came out of Google, right?
If it came out of Google, probably just don't do it.
Yeah, Google's dead though.
This is one of those linear thing.
Um, so I just talked to the linear guy for the past hour.
It was really good.
I think my goals with that, which is a highlight, two points, which I think we're
able to get to one and we talk about this a lot where their differentiator was
just quality, existing market ideas, very clear.
Um, so it's very counter to a lot of, uh, you should be embarrassed by what you
ship philosophies.
Uh, yeah.
So I think we, we kind of talked about that a good amount.
The other side was like this local first approach.
That's a more technical thing.
But more of that first thing, I saw a thread the other day where someone was
arguing that a lot of that advice around like ship really, uh, I don't, I don't want
to butcher this because I think there's nuance here, but again, this idea of like,
if you're not embarrassed by what you shipped, you shift too late.
Uh, the person was arguing that this is a little, this kind of outdated,
device, outdated advice and it made more sense in an era where there was not a
crazy amount of software and a crazy amount of competition.
Yeah.
Uh, and she was saying with her, her own company, that's what they did.
And it just didn't go anywhere because it sucked.
It just was not a good product.
And they really spent time making a very, very good product up front and then
hitting the market with it.
And that went way better.
Just cause there's so much competition.
Like you really need to differentiate on quality these days.
So he was arguing that the bar is much higher with that debate was different.
And that's what they did, right?
Like did they, from the start, they were like, we're going to make the best
possible app.
Yeah.
And I didn't hear that part.
They were, yeah, they were very clear.
I asked on that what their initial pitch was.
And they were like, yeah, it's just on the execution.
Like it's the only reason we exist is to do this like a hundred times better
than anyone's done it before.
Hey, did you ask him or do you know if they've like seen anybody, even
incumbents start moving that way, trying to compete on quality?
Or are they just so far ahead that nobody's even trying?
Yeah, I didn't ask.
But my, my sense of it is it's not the thing you like can just decide to do.
It's like, we have to decide to be good now.
I think everyone's trying to do that forever.
But it's like a rare company that can actually execute that well.
So when you talk, you say stuff on Twitter, like performance is about
architecture and choosing an architecture that allows you to create a
really great experience, a really great performance app.
That just sounds so like high level and abstract to me.
Why don't you just start saying like the local first thing?
Like why I don't hear that enough.
And it's something that I think there is a correct answer.
Like if you want to build something, perform it in fast, it's this way.
Or I guess there's some apps that you can.
Yeah.
I think I've been working towards it.
I think more recently, I've been saying more specifically, like you
need to evaluate this local first approach.
There's this company that has proved it out.
It's not theoretical.
I'm not like giving you some philosophy that I made up in my head.
Cause it sounds good.
It's I like found it out of a product that is incredible.
Um, yeah.
And yeah, I'm sure people are going to start to find me annoying.
And they're going to like treat it like every other thing that gets kind of hyped.
I don't think so, Dax, what are you talking about?
But yeah, but, uh, I think my intention with this is a little bit different than
other technologies.
I think with other technologies, people get excited by it.
Cause they're like a user of it and they like, are just interested in it.
That's definitely an aspect of this.
But for me, I just want the apps everyone make.
Like when I'm a user of an app, I just want it to be better.
And this is like the thing that's blocking that from happening.
Like people not trying this approach.
Uh, every single app where I feel like it's slow, it's funny.
Cause, uh, I think I've been ruined in a lot of ways.
Cause I spent so much time looking and researching and studying this that whenever
I use an app that is not using these techniques, it's like painful for me to use.
Cause I notice every little like delay, I know it's every little thing that they didn't
do and it's painful.
Like even using something like the Vercel dashboard where like, you know, they're
like the good web app company, everything just feels slow and laggy.
And they're spent, there's loaders everywhere.
And that's blank.
There's like loading stays and empty states everywhere.
And it's like, I don't understand like this, the, the working set of data here is
probably like a hundred kilobyte.
It's like this could have just been all instant.
Um, so everything is just painful now.
And I don't think I can't really enjoy.
I'm like, ruin, can you, can you take me back to like your first experience
with linear, assuming that was the first app where you, you saw this pattern.
When you felt that speed, did you, I mean, did you immediately just know what
they were doing?
Did you start like inspecting WebSocket connection messages and like figure out,
oh, they're like syncing all the, how did that revelation come to you?
So early on, I might be complaining with super human because I, linear was
up in the first app that I used that had this pattern and made me realize, like,
wow, stuff can be so good on web.
Uh, but I had heard of super human before that and their big pitch.
Well, I was either them early and I forgot who it was, but they were like
every interaction under 50 milliseconds or something.
Like they had some rule where like no interaction can take longer than that.
Um, so I knew that that was impossible to do over like network round trips.
Yeah.
Uh, so I think I did start inspecting it.
But the edge decks, did you consider the edge?
Yes, I did.
And it does not help.
So of course, I'm going to skip right over that.
Uh, okay.
Sorry.
Yeah.
But the guy I talked to to us, he, uh, he actually did give a talk a long time ago.
It's, it's so funny because it's like one of the most influential, impactful
things I've ever listened to.
And it's like, it's not like some grand talk at some big conference.
It looks like a little meet up, like a little me.
And as a kind of camera, I got a weird angle and he's like giving this talk,
explaining the sync engine of linear.
And I think I, I think I basically watched that and I was like, oh, okay.
I see how all this works.
Like all the operations are local.
Yeah.
From then on, I've just been obsessed with this concept.
And I think in this interview, I talked a lot about that.
But there's a lot more than that.
There's like a lot of like UX patterns.
Uh, I was talking about it earlier.
I was arguing with Jay yesterday because, uh, so Jay does all the design for our
stuff.
Our stuff looks really, really good.
Cause he's very good design, even though he's not a designer.
Uh, but I had a point disagreement with him because, and this is going to sound so
stupid, right?
Everyone that hears this is going to be like, that's the type of stuff that
people waste time on.
So that should bring their product.
But I'll tell you exactly what we're arguing about for clickable elements.
Like let's, it was like this tab, the thing that you click on.
Uh, uh, he made it.
So when you mouse over it, there's a fade in transition to like light up the
elements and there's a fade out transition.
And I was arguing that we should take out all fade in transitions because they
make the app feel slightly slower.
It doesn't feel as snappy.
Um, and this is something I discovered in linear.
Cause I was like, why do their animations feel so good?
Oh, it's because when you mouse over, the response is immediate.
So it feels like you're not waiting for something to finish.
Uh, but then when you mouse out, you saw that nice, like fade out.
So it feels like a nicely animated app.
Uh, so they do all these like little tiny, tiny, tiny things.
Uh, another great example is if you're hovering over something, you get it
and you get a tool tip and you move to something else.
Cause you're like, okay, I want to see a tool tip for this one.
You don't get this thing where the first tool tip disappears and there's a
delay for the second tool tip to show up.
They know you're going from an open tool tip to probably another open tool
tip.
So they just show the second tool tip right away, but if you mouse out and
then come back and there's a little bit of a delay just to confirm that.
That's really what you want to do.
So it's like in detail that's like, yeah, all the general advice would be,
like, do not put that to go waste of time, right?
Um, and it's just infinite stuff like that in there.
Uh, why are we all so bad?
We're all just so bad at Billy.
Like why, why isn't everybody doing this?
Why isn't everybody, is it just too hard?
It's hard.
Is it too hard for the average developer to care about all these little things?
And I feel like there just has to be so much else not sapping your energy.
Like, you know, 0% of my time, or energy is sapped because, you know,
I'm using Jira and I hate using Jira or like, I don't like the, I don't
like the way my manager and just me or like, yeah, my company's doing something
stupid.
I feel like all those micro thing just make it so you just don't
have energy to try.
Cause I feel like you, the things you work on, you've tried pretty hard.
But you go, you go crazy on the details.
Yeah.
Cause I don't have those things sapping my energy.
That makes sense.
Yeah, I mean, just work by yourself or in a tiny company.
And a lot of those things go away, right?
Yeah.
And that's why I think like companies can't just decide to like do this one day.
It's like you have to like commit to that from the beginning.
Yeah.
Like GitHub.
I wish GitHub were all this stuff local first, super snappy.
Uh, and why couldn't there be?
Why couldn't there be a GitHub competitor?
Why have we all just penciled in GitHub?
It's down like more than any app I use all the time.
Like, why, like, why couldn't somebody commit?
I, like I look at the bit bucket and get lab.
They're just worse.
I mean, they're just worse apps.
Yeah.
So somebody go in and just say, I'm going to make the best possible
get repository app with pull requests and whatever, make the linear of GitHub.
That needs to happen.
Somebody's going to do that, right?
Yeah.
I think that the interesting thing with GitHub though, and I've been
reflecting on this because of, because of threads.
Have you seen the thing with threads where they're like, they're
definitely like the hype is the initial hype is done now.
Yeah, I haven't used it in forever.
Yeah.
And it got like 50% daily either views or something.
I don't know how that's going to play out, but let's assume that
threads like guys, you know, they couldn't really find their footing.
Yeah.
It's like a crazy demonstration of how powerful we all know network
effects are powerful, but like this is like an insane demonstration where
Twitter's established network is so powerful that Facebook can like air
drop an app to a billion people.
And it still can't defeat it.
So I kind of wonder if GitHub is in a similar situation, because they are a
little bit social, the social side of GitHub.
Has it ever really stuck though?
Do people like go to GitHub and like look at the homepage or I don't know.
I'm always just going directly into a repo, directly to pull requests.
Like the interactions I have on GitHub.
I never think about the fact that I have a profile on GitHub.
Maybe other people do.
Maybe I'm just kind of, I'm not a huge open source guy.
So I probably spend less time in there than the average person, but I feel like
you just, if you started with a few big names, got people to put their repos
on your thing and use your kind of beta test, your much better app.
Like they're not going to use GitHub.
They're using your thing now and like, I don't know, it seems less like
entrenched than something like Twitter to me.
Yeah.
No, it's definitely true.
I guess I was thinking more about that, about the open source side where like
you probably want to put it on GitHub because you want collaborators and like
people open issues that I didn't know about.
So there's like a thing there, the social stuff, the actual social stuff.
Yeah, that's like pointless, but I guess you do make a good point.
Like technically GitLab exists.
And you could instead of shooting a dethron GitHub, you could shoot to dethron
GitLab, and that's already like a massive market.
And yeah, you just need to capture people that don't need their stuff to be on GitHub.
That's, yeah, that's, yes, I guess you're right.
Someone could could do this.
This could be like, it could be a fantastic product.
Do it and remember us when you're famous.
And, and when we give us percentage.
Yeah, yeah, we'll take a cut and we'll want to have you on the episode on the podcast
sometime to talk about it.
Just like we talked to the linear guy, like, how did you make such a great app?
Oh, because you've heard it on this podcast.
Tell us more about this podcast.
Yeah, the thing that sucks about those, all the Git stuff, I feel like you need
to spend like a year becoming an expert on Git to become a Git host.
What would you, how much does GitHub really, like, I feel like there's so much in
Git that is not really manifested in GitHub.
You don't do any, I mean, they don't have deep integration with like doing
weird, bisect stuff or like true, right?
It's just like pull requests issues.
What else?
I'm oversimplifying like crazy.
This is probably some developer trope, but like I could build GitHub and like a weekend.
Come on.
Well, I just think about how like it needs to be stored as a Git repository,
but then it needs to be queryable as a typical web app.
So it's like you kind of store, yeah, in a database and like you store like
each like commit and like the diffs and all that.
So yeah, yeah, yeah.
Some amount, some amount of effort.
I don't know what it is, but yeah, I guess like thinking of the local first
thing, like, but like the working set of memory on a huge repo.
If you're searching local first through that repo, how much data are we talking?
Not a lot.
You'd be surprised at how small data is.
Text is small because like I think you would, you know, you wouldn't need to store.
You wouldn't need the contents necessarily of every single diff.
Well, you might just need the metadata.
But it's like there's like ways you can be creative in it and do it.
For me, it's more about just like the issue tracking and like the pull request and
just kind of like I don't search into the history.
Maybe not that important, but just like finding a file in the repo, right?
The current file, just things like that.
Yeah, I feel like somebody's going to do this.
Maybe somebody's already started.
They've already raised their little seat round and they're already working on
the linear quality, GitHub replacement.
I want this for, uh, and I tweeted about this, hoping someone do it.
I think someone did is kind of doing it, but I want this for a SQL client as well.
I want a SQL client that lives in my browser tab.
Yes.
I don't want to install something.
1000% yes.
It needs to be super fast.
And because I'm using plant scale, I should just be able to OAuth connect to
plant scale and they have an thing in beta now and just build me the fastest,
most responsive client in my browser and I will pay every time I've had to
download some form of a, like a query tool thing for connecting databases.
Like, I don't know, a dozen times in my career.
And every time it's the same, like, what do people use for this?
Like there's got to be something good and there never is.
It's always like PG ads or whatever, and I just hate every second of it.
Yeah.
Why not somebody do that too?
We're just going to, let's just, let's start out all the ideas here.
Request for startups.
Yeah.
Any others, anything else you wish existed?
Here's the thing that I've been trying to get my friend to build.
Um, I want, how do I explain this?
So I want a tool that lets me connect all my bank accounts and my credit
cards and all of that stuff.
Uh, but it's not a financial planning app at all.
All I need to do is connect all those and let me set up places to pipe it to kind
of like a Zapier type of situation.
So I can say like any transaction over $100, send it to my Slack or any transaction
for this card, that may email or like put it in the spreadsheet.
I just want to like pipe stuff and I want to fix stuff in one place.
So I want to say like, okay, this thing has got categorized wrong.
So I'm going to fix it in this app.
Yeah.
So everything downstream has it, has it correct.
And this is something that I wanted to say.
Yeah, you just reminded me quick books.
I want a new quick books, a better.
That's another one quality quick books, simpler.
You know what?
This is just like linear because how many quick books alternatives are there?
Like a hundred.
There's so many.
Yeah.
And they're all terrible.
They're not good.
Yeah.
They're not.
They don't just like immediately, you know, just get hooked on the product experience.
Yeah. And one of the things that Tomás said was they, the way they thought
about initially was no project management tool focuses on the IC, like
giving a good experience for the person actually doing the tasks.
I think in the quick books world, it's like for me and you were like, we're not
like a real small business.
We're like, right.
Yeah.
This weird thing where we're kind of just independent.
And no one has really executed on that really well.
Cause quick books, 99% of the UI, I don't need to touch.
Do you guys also always changing?
I can never find the invoices.
Like I can never find it.
Recurring invoices hidden somewhere.
It's just like no one is focused on that.
No one has built a good.
I want it.
Yeah.
You got me wanting to build like a spa.
I just want to like play with all this stuff now, like replicash and build a local
first thing.
It's a lot of work, like I said, I will say like it took us.
Took me a very long time to get good at building this way.
And now we started a new project with me having that knowledge.
Uh, yeah, it took me a month before like things were even like set up correctly.
I mean, now people can just clone that.
Just in terms of like, cause so replicash, it's like a front end library.
It's only a front end library.
Yeah.
And then you have to implement the whole back end for it.
I can protocol.
Are there guides is there?
Can you like package that up into an SST contract or something that people can
just use for like a vanilla synchronization back end?
Well, there's, there's definitely guides that document the protocol.
That's how I, how I did it.
Plus poking around some of their example implementations.
It can't be a construct cause it requires like just stuff everywhere.
Like you, your front ends of the instruction in a certain way.
Your back ends of the instruction in a certain way.
Like your domain logic needs to be short in a certain way.
There's just like transaction requirements on your database.
You can't use Dynamo.
You have to use a SQL database.
So I think our project, like the SST console, people should just copy that.
And like just like a template.
We need to extract that onto a template without, without all the, uh, the
console specific stuff.
But yeah, there's just a lot of patterns I had, I've had to invent.
Like I want to type safety end to end just like TRPC and that's something I had
to figure out myself.
So it took a while, but now that we have up and running, like, we've been
shipping features like so, so quickly, uh, that's another weird benefit.
Not only is it good for the user, but adding new features.
Like I need to store this new thing and synchronize it.
It just like very, very easy.
Yeah.
Oh, it makes sense that it would be.
Why aren't I feel like the whole web dev focus right now is so far from this.
Yeah, I know.
And I don't know why it are more site is the site's first app thing, actually a
thing, what are your, what is your opinion on that?
I asked that before, put that pull out the other day.
I asked, uh, the thing you work on for work, not your made up side project.
That doesn't exist.
Uh, what is it described best as a site or as an app?
I think 70% of people said it was an app.
So really, yeah, even on Twitter.
So do you, do you believe that distinction is a real distinction?
Is that some weird artifact of the way things used to be and it will go away?
Or are there actual fundamental distinctions?
Should some apps be more site-like?
Yeah, go ahead.
So I think I'm in the conservative camp of, yes, there is a very clear difference
and everything that I do, I like delineate between these two things.
And it makes a lot of sense for me.
And I go to one extreme or the other.
Um, I think a lot of these modern frameworks are trying to push for the idea of like, no,
there isn't a, there, you can have a framework that kind of does it all?
And does it all like progressively, all that stuff?
I have never seen an app.
I've never seen an incredible app like veneer shipped with a product like that.
So I don't, I refuse to believe it.
And I, I could rationally, I, I can point out to why I don't think it's possible.
Um, but I'm not going to argue that because I'm like, just show me a product until you do.
I don't have to like really consider it.
Yeah.
I mean, it makes sense that they're just fundamentally different.
Like if you're approaching a site where people are just there for a moment
and then they're gone and it's like very different than if they're going to be there
for like, they're using it every day for hours.
It's just a very different thing that I would think fundamentally that are too
separate.
Yeah.
Concerns.
I'm, I'm sticking with that.
There are, there's a difference, but I think people do want to try to blur that a little bit.
But yeah, people would self describe it as 70% people.
I work on 70% of people build apps and, and what are we focused on?
Server side rendering RSCs.
Yeah, it's interesting.
I hate using this argument because it's like kind of the idiot's argument.
But if you look at these stats and you look at where the conversation is, like, you need
something to explain that discrepancy.
And it just has to, the only explanation is like the, the financing of the
sun, like the money poured into some of these areas.
If everyone is saying that, or nine, one, seven percent, people are saying that
this stuff isn't relevant for me.
Why is that just the topic that keeps coming up?
It just has to be something like something influenced what would otherwise be
the natural market inefficiency.
Yeah, or, yeah, I guess.
So it's like a waste of money in a lot of ways.
Yeah.
A VC bet that takes years to play out and then maybe doesn't potentially.
Yeah, maybe doesn't.
Huh.
Do you think I've seen some people kind of grumbling on Twitter about like the
complexity of the web.
I mean, this is always a recurring theme that like things are getting so complex.
And it's that things are getting so complex for some perceived developer
experience benefit.
Do you think if things are getting more complex, that they're actually
benefiting the developer experience or is that sort of counter?
To the goal of improving your developer experience.
Yeah.
I was actually going to post something about that because I was seeing that as
well, uh, things are getting more complex for a good reason.
It's like the linear reason.
It got more complex because you're chipping something really crazy.
That was crazier than anything else.
It's been before it.
Uh, and that's what we're trying to do is manage your tasks.
I don't know if people understand this, but like if you have tasks, you can
really, you can manage them so fast.
Sorry.
Continue.
It's, it's crazy blazingly fast, as I say.
But if you look at our package, Jason, it's under 40 lines.
Wait, uh, your package, Jason is under 40 lines.
Is that a flex?
I actually think it is.
I'm going to post it.
And I think people are going to look at it and they're going to be like, that's
a lot smaller than my package.
Oh, yeah.
No, I think just it sounds over like a voice medium that just doesn't sound impressive.
Like my package, Jason is less than 40 lines, people.
I don't know what to tell you.
The implication there is we have very few dependencies and like, you know, there's
not really a lot going on to achieve this thing.
Uh, I mean, I'm talking about the front side.
So on some hand, I think a lot of this complexity is opt in.
I think people like smashed together, like way more libraries than they need.
And they put together way more tools than they really need.
So if we're able to achieve a pretty high bar with a dependency set, that's
like probably half the size of what we guess most, most projects are.
Yeah.
There, it's almost some amount of that is self-inflicted.
Right.
Yeah.
And I will say, like my SST projects, I love my TS config, my package, Jason.
I love the, like boy, the plate files, how small and concise they are.
I think there's just like, there's no definitive guides out there.
They're like, Hey, don't just like craft your TS config or don't just craft
whatever, like derive from these things.
There's some like known ones that are good.
And I wouldn't have found that on my own.
I don't know how you find all this stuff, but it's so nice to see that kind of
concise jokes aside, like this, the concise package, Jason.
And, and just, it does feel like SST, you guys have thought through like a
TypeScript monorepo project was a nightmare.
And now I feel like in SST land, there's some Sandy.
I can kind of like see all the lines and understand them.
Yeah, exactly.
And I think that's like we like, because we ship templates and starters and all
that, because we need to for help people use it.
And it hurts us whenever we have to ship like an extra config file or like,
because we know like the first impression of it is now like X percent worse.
Um, and I do think obsessing over that is rational because of what you said,
like then you can kind of understand it easier and it just feels lighter weights.
It does come to judgment at the end of the day.
I think for me, I've swung more in this way because I've had some interactions
with people that are like on the extreme of like anti tool.
Like they don't even use TypeScript because that involves a compile step.
And like, there's like the extreme on that side.
I don't go that far because I can't ship the stuff I need to ship using that model.
But I had been influenced by them to like double check.
Can this be simpler?
Like, do I actually need this as a benefit of this going to last?
But there's a judgment thing.
So we don't put ESLint in our templates.
Yeah.
And I think most people would probably disagree with that.
So, you know, it's reasonable to add ESLint, um, but for us, like we don't, we don't use
lending.
So there's some amount of like judgment, zone of judgment.
You have to decide on for yourself.
I do like the limting thing.
When you, I remember you telling me that you didn't use ESLint when I was complaining
about configuring ESLint and it's like, I realized so much redundancy.
Like, why do I want linting?
I mean, a lot of it's built into the language server for the language I'm using.
Why, why do I need this extra thing that is so notoriously hard to configure?
Or like, just, I don't want to have so many options.
I don't like like, oh, I got to think about which linting areas I care about.
And I got to configure my ESLint accordingly.
I wish like, I want to use all these tools and just not have to think about them.
And, and that's, and if prettier would just default to no.
That's, that's a one piece of configuration that I need to do.
Yeah.
But yeah, that's actually exactly it.
Cause I, I don't, it's not piece of equipment.
People here, I don't use limting.
They think I'm opposed to the concept of limting.
I'm not, I want limting.
I like really want that as part of my workflow.
Yeah.
But right now the cost of that is, like you said, I would love to just be able to
grab ESLint and use it.
But as soon as I try to do that, there's some dumbass rule.
It's enabled by default and to go like somehow find the name, the rule.
Remember how they can take words and turn it off is not built into my editor.
I have to like, uh-huh, that overhead as much as I want limting is just not worth it
for me.
And every code base I jump into is like slightly different.
Cause they have different rules turned on.
I go, I want it.
It's just, is that really worth it?
And I don't think it is long term.
There's a lot of pain.
Yeah, a lot of pain.
Yeah.
I've, I've long hated the dance of like, I'm trying to get node.
With typescript with prettier and ESLint configured.
And it's a day of my life that I won't get back.
I hate that so much.
Yeah.
So I do love that SST create SST app.
Like just it's handled.
It's a mono repo.
I know how to structure stuff.
I think that's where frameworks really, really can shine.
Yeah.
It's a, again, I think it's a, it's a hard thing.
And the JavaScript world is like convincing people to use fewer tools.
Like I almost ever go into, I'm like, uh, like there's just so much here.
Yeah.
What is it just?
What is it about JavaScript developers or this JavaScript community?
That just struggles with consensus.
I feel like other places just kind of like everybody decides this is what we're going to do.
I mean, that's not fair.
I guess like I'm going back to Python in my mind and like, you've got different.
Mostly everyone uses black for formatting, but you've got different.
You know, the PEP, whatever standard.
There's like, yeah, well, that too.
Yeah.
The bifurcation of two verse three, but like, I think that's probably less of an issue.
Now I'm talking about the like PEP and flakes and all the different
linting styles people use, like, why can't we all just decide?
Like this one's best.
We're just using it.
Nobody should have to think about this again.
I just, I don't care enough about those things that it bothers me when people
care so much that they'll like maintain a competing thing.
When there already was a thing and it was fine.
Yeah.
I think it's like, uh, these other languages have strong leaders that are
effectively dictators that can kind of define that and have like a heavy.
Right.
The benevolent.
Yeah.
The benevolent dictator.
We need some kind of coup and like, not really a coup because no one's in charge,
but maybe there needs to be like, maybe we need to think about it.
Like, I am trying to become a dictator of JavaScript.
Like, what do I need to do to take over?
Dax, I will, I will submit to your dictatorship.
Please take over and just put us all out of our misery.
It's so bad.
Yeah.
I mean, that goes with line with your like package manager, like, or package
standards thing.
Exactly.
So that maybe that's my wedge.
I start to do that.
I sort of gain way too much power and I start to like really use it for evil.
Don't take it dark.
No, no, no, stop.
Just stop at the part where you're a benevolent dictator and the JavaScript
ecosystem is better for it.
When I think about this, I think there's a real path because if people
tried to like start challenging your power, it's like, can they explain ESM
better than you and they can't.
So you, you win on all those arguments.
If they could explain, like, ESM versus what's that one called?
Yeah.
CJ has better than you than they get to be the leader, but they won't.
But here's the thing.
I don't believe that rational arguments, like that actually actually hold.
Oh, yeah, it's true.
So the only way to actually win is if anyone argues with me, I just make
fun of them till they just there you go.
Just like some, like this isn't worth it.
Yeah.
This isn't worth the personal pain I feel.
So I think that's actually the path and the beard.
I mean, you've got that thick, wise beard.
You really got a lot going for a year.
I think we could make this happen.
Yeah.
Who's going to oppose you?
We could get people powerful friends on our side.
You're pushing you to the top.
That's true.
This needs to happen that we need it, Dax.
You want to write a line on JavaScript?
You got to ask me first.
You go through Dax.
Yeah.
I tweeted out jokingly when I moved to Miami.
I was like, if you want to write TypeScript in this town, you better see me first.
I love it.
I'm making this happen.
I'm going to do everything in my power, which is not very much, but I'm going to
do everything I can to try and promote Dax as the dictator we all need and deserve.
Yeah.
And it's kind of like I, it's one of those situations where I'm like a little bit
foreign because I'm not like I came into the JavaScript world as like after doing a
lot of other stuff.
That's like a foreign invader situation.
I like that better or worse.
I like it.
Yeah, I like it.
Good.
It's good.
It's kind of like when you see people that are like committing genocide, it turns out
like their background is like one of those people also.
They like kind of hate themselves.
So it's good to think it's kind of like that where that's what it needs.
You kind of hate yourself.
Is that your thing?
Yeah, I hate the part of me that's a JavaScript developer.
Like I hate it.
Like you need.
Oh, yeah.
You can't have some of the likes.
The fact that jobs are developer, I feel like I have to be one.
I didn't choose to be one.
I have to be one getting all these other things.
Very much like the backstory for a dictator.
Yeah.
Yep.
Love it.
Okay.
We're going to make that happen.
Did I tell you I'm a martial artist now?
Someone was talking about you and martial arts in the chat a second ago.
I'm a martial artist.
I don't know.
Tell me more.
I'm an artist of sorts.
I did jiu-jitsu today my first time.
Wow.
OK, I didn't really do it.
I was there for an hour and they taught us some things, but it's like this
class and there's no like, oh, you're a beginner.
You go to the beginner class.
It's just the class and this purple belt guy who was very kind and built like a
bowling ball taught me lots of things.
It's very physical.
It's a very physical sport.
I don't know if you know this about jiu-jitsu.
It's a it's this guy's hands were very strong.
And when he grabbed my my ghee and threw me around.
You got you buy the outfit already?
I did.
Yes, they had him there.
They had the ghee there.
It's a it's going to be good.
I think I'm going to get obsessed and it's like I'm just doing it for fitness.
Like I don't I'm not looking to like beat people up in the streets.
But but it's nice to like, I don't know, roll around.
My legs are already sore.
It was an hour and I'm going to do some like private lessons to try and get
caught up a little bit because I felt like an idiot just like flowing around.
All the words.
Yeah, I don't know if you know how many words are in jiu-jitsu.
There are so many words.
Uh, I feel like I do need to just be thrown into it a little bit.
They just need to actually wrestle me, like just hurt me.
Physically thrown into it.
Yeah, just just toss me around, like make me figure out what it really feels like.
Cause I didn't get to do that today.
I'm hoping maybe tomorrow will stay interesting.
Yeah.
And you're like a good size for it too.
My friend has gotten really into jiu-jitsu.
Uh, I think he's above six feet tall, but he's extremely skinny.
Like he's, he's telling like ways the same as I do.
I'm like, ooh, yeah, uh, he loves it.
He's super into it, but just given his like physical makeup, like you can
only do so much as much as skills improve.
Yeah.
Even me, I worry I'm too wiry.
Like after seeing some of the people in this class and even the instructor,
the instructors built kind of like this guy that helped me today.
They're just very thick into the square, like square people.
Sturdy.
Yeah, square.
Yeah.
Yeah, that's the word.
I got played football, but like I'm not, I'm not that kind of stout and I could
see how there's a lot of leverage advantage.
If you're kind of like lowered the ground, uh, I don't know.
We'll see.
Yeah.
That's fine.
They didn't.
So they have, they have that in the Ozarks.
They haven't.
So honestly, I've thought about doing something like this, like getting into
some kind of fitness like martial arts thing for a long time.
Uh, I used to do Tai Chi at home, just like YouTube stuff.
And I just assumed there wasn't really good options close.
There's five minutes from my house.
There's just what do I call club, Jim?
Yeah, there's a Jiu Jitsu place.
It's Brazilian Jiu Jitsu.
I don't know if you're up to speed.
Uh, this is specifically the Brazilian variant.
I don't know.
Actually, I have an idea if that's just like the default, uh, but it's five minutes
from my house, five star Google reviews, like 300 reviews, the people in there
were so incredibly nice and welcoming for like a guy that knew nothing.
Literally it was like, have you ever trained before?
No, I've literally, I know nothing, not a single word of it.
I know Jiu Jitsu.
That's what I know.
Uh, but they were so good and like didn't make me feel like I was slowing
them down or it was great.
Yeah, it's, uh, it's big.
I mean, so when I worked at, uh, Boulevard, uh, in those are back then
in the Elixir community, Brazilian Jiu Jitsu is, is pretty big.
And it kind of seems random, but then the founder of Elixir is from Brazil.
So I wonder if there's like some kind of tie in there, a lot of people, uh, on
that team did that.
And I was like, this is really random.
And now it's like software engineers in general, there's a lot, there's like a ton
of them.
Yeah.
So I, he asked me the instructor at the end asked me what I do.
And I said, I'm a software developer.
We got a few people in here that are software developers introduced me to, uh,
someone on the EC2 team, an engineer at AWS on the EC2 team.
Wow.
How wild here at Nixa, but he's actually moving back to Seattle in like two weeks.
Cause they're making everybody come back to Seattle to be with your team.
Why is he from there?
I think that's where he's from.
Yeah.
Did you tell him that you never use EC2?
You're like, cool.
I try to avoid using EC2 at all costs.
Yeah.
It's like, I know what EC2 is.
That's awesome.
I mean, EC2 is like the original service.
I wonder if he's been there from the beginning.
Well, yeah.
And it powered, I mean, can only imagine being on that team, like it powers everything
above it, like everything else depends on EC2.
So we don't directly use it much.
But yeah, it was a, it was an experience.
I enjoyed it thoroughly.
I'm already obsessed.
Um, are you looking up like stuff on the internet?
I'm going to go every day.
We'll see.
That's exciting.
I'll report back.
I mean, just cause it's so convenient.
You have to do it.
It's like why I go to that CrossFit gym because it's at the end of my street.
So.
Yeah.
It's five minutes away.
There's nothing in the Ozarks is five minutes from you.
Like everything is usually like 15 minutes.
So the fact that I can just drive five minutes and it's right there.
It's awesome.
You can, can you kids do it?
They can.
I actually took Acea yesterday just to scope it out before I came today.
Cause it was like early in the morning, like six a.m.
So I took Acea yesterday.
So he also just did his first swim lesson.
We knew we wanted to get him in something like a thing on the schedule that he
has to go to, you know, ideally like a physical activity.
So we were kind of considering like maybe he'd want to do Jiu Jitsu.
He saw the people in there kind of wrestling around.
He's a pretty like gentle guy.
Like he's a pretty caring and like doesn't want to hurt anybody.
Doesn't want any.
I don't know.
I think he felt like it was a little too.
It's definitely intimidating.
Yeah.
It was a little too rough for him just at first glance.
But I think I could warm him up to it maybe.
I'd love to throw him around around the house.
There were no other kids there this morning.
So I don't think he could go to that session.
I think they have a kid.
So I have a funny story with martial arts.
So when I was growing up, I did a few things.
And when I was when I was really young, I was it.
Probably was Taekwondo.
I arrived to a class and I can't remember what it was.
I think I missed the beginning.
I missed some part of it and we were we're doing grappling.
OK, and I was paired with the only other kid in the class was all adults,
only other kid in the class.
And he was a couple years older than me.
So a lot bigger than me.
Oh, yeah, so we would do it.
And he would immediately get me in a he would like choke me like between his knees.
I didn't know what tapping out was.
I did not know what tapping out was.
So I would just like get choked and like almost pass out and might be like,
this is fucking terrible.
And he didn't understand eventually he would call time.
And I would like somehow I never passed out.
But I would just get like choked super hard.
And then like a couple of classes later, I realized what tapping out was.
I was like, Oh, this is so this makes me think this is so much better.
And I started to enjoy it.
So wow, I remember my face like turning red.
Yeah, you're just depending on that kid having mercy, not being like, well,
I guess I'm killing this kid because he's not down at this point of view.
He was like, I just kept going harder and harder and harder.
He was trying to get me to tap.
And I didn't know that was tapping out as a thing.
I bet people get really hurt that way.
And someone was asking a chat.
Did you not know how to say please stop?
Yeah, try to talk while you're being choked with your neck.
Yeah, head was like, I didn't even think to it.
To be honest, I didn't even think to like try to say stop.
So I wasn't trying to get in a stop.
I was just like, this is the exercise.
I get choked and I'm learning how to like be choked.
Wow.
Daikwondo.
The tip for you, tap out.
What I've heard is like the arm stuff, like you could really
the arm bar.
Yeah, have your arm hurt or yeah, they're just trying that.
The whole lesson that was like, we're learning all these kind of ways
to to position yourself in certain contexts.
And it's like he's explaining to me, like, oh, no, if you don't
straighten your arm right there, I'm going to get you in a choke.
And I'm like, that sounds awful.
I don't I don't want to be in a choke.
So they have all these other words for things they'll get you into.
But I think I just need to be thrown.
I think I just need to be like wrestling somebody trying to survive
and just see how it feels and what all they do.
I'm going to ask them, I'm going to say, can I actually
wrestle someone, please or jiu-jitsu somebody?
What do you say?
I don't know.
I roll around with somebody and see what it's really like.
That's exciting.
Everyone's getting into it.
Yeah, now I'm like, do I need to get into it?
Because I can't just have everyone around me, like be able to beat me up.
So kind of like, I mean, I'm never going to do this with anybody
that's not in a geek in a studio or whatever.
You never know.
You might need to, you might need to do something.
I mean, I guess it is a skill.
You never know.
I guess it's true.
Someone you might get into a fight with your kids and you might need to, you
know, put them in a chokehold.
Sounds awful.
I mean, I know you don't leave your house.
So those are the only other people you could possibly interact with.
Oh, yeah.
I guess the only people I interact with.
Yeah.
It's like the people at mama jeans.
I think I actually, this came up because I started listening to the Lex Friedman
podcast and it turns out Lex Friedman, I don't know if you know this, his only
qualification for guests that he have on the show or that they do jiu-jitsu.
I believe that's a requirement for all of his guests because I've listened to
like three episodes, they all did jiu-jitsu, so does Lex Friedman.
Apparently it's a, either it's a tech thing and I'm only listening to the tech
episodes or all of them are, I don't know.
There's definitely like a persona, like all the Joe Rogan and Lex Friedman,
people are all like super into DJJ.
Do I need to listen to Joe Rogan?
Everyone always says that name to it forever.
People would be like, do you listen to that Lex Friedman podcast?
I'm like, no, never heard of him.
I don't know.
But I also hear the same about Joe Rogan.
Here's a problem, both of these names are like now controversial names.
So if you say I'm listening to Joe Rogan, you have a bunch of people like upset at you.
Interesting.
Why, what could you tell me?
Give me the quick lowdown on why they're controversial.
The historical reason is it's just like, he was just like a normal interview or
whatever, people weren't paying attention to him that much.
Uh, and then he had a few people on that were controversial and people had the
argument of like, you should even have people like this on because you're giving
him a platform and he like refused to.
So that like created like a negative energy around him.
And now when there is like that type of thing, everything he says, he's not, he's
not like the smartest guy.
So everything he says is like scrutinized and made fun of, et cetera.
He had a bunch of like vaccine related stuff as well.
So I don't care about those things.
I think the major, I like listen to this stuff because there's people I like
that go on his show, like Michael Palm was on it.
Um, and like he does such long interviews is great to hear something like that
talk for three hours versus like a 20 minute thing.
So that's what I noticed about Lex Friedman.
When I listened to a few of those, they're so long.
Yeah.
The, the car Mac was like five hours, which I think that was the longest, but still
like I just blew my mind when I like most of them are two, three hours.
Uh, yeah, I think mostly I'm enjoying the people he's having on the show, but
what is Lex Friedman also controversial?
Uh, I think just cause they're, there's kind of all associated with some, like
there's like the circle that's associated with it.
So people like the people who listen to Lex Friedman are considered a circle
type of person.
Lex Friedman, Joe Rogan, like do stuff together and like, oh, they're like friendly.
Yeah.
And it's like the guests are similar.
The recurring guests are kind of similar.
I know I've never listened to the podcast.
So I don't know.
Yeah.
Okay.
So I actually know more something about something in pop culture than you do.
Interesting.
That's true.
Yeah.
So it's kind of like how you're really controversial.
And I kind of getting broiled in that.
Because I associate with you and I just have to take on all of your
controversy.
Well, you know, it's funny because I think technically the reverses
happen.
Wait, what?
Am I controversial?
Yeah.
Like your whole controversial YouTube career.
Oh, interesting.
I am controversial.
I had to remove videos, multiple of them.
Those are the ones you want to see, the ones that they have to take down.
It's like books in the library that you can't read, like the ones that are banned.
My banned YouTube account.
Gonna have to check it out at him dot dev.
OK, that's.
Huh, there you go.
Lex Friedman also had this thing where he wrote.
He was like, I'm going to read a book a week and he like made a list of books
and everyone just like roasted him for it.
So I was just like, once people kind of get into this in the level of scrutiny,
like everything they do just gets made fun of like crazy.
I mean, that seems like a noble goal to read a book every week.
So I could learn a lot.
It was like very mechanical where like it doesn't matter how like long the book
was or how important the book was.
Like you just allocate a week to or something like that.
I don't know.
Yeah.
Uh, so I get why it was a little weird, but yeah, these people are just all
with everything they do just blows up in this way.
So be careful, be careful out there.
I'll be careful.
Uh, I was the deluxe Friedman when he had, uh, Andreessen on.
So good.
I could listen to that stuff.
Just felt like, I don't know, somebody who was there at the beginning, you know,
the browser stuff at the very, very beginning, like he chose the colors for
hyperlinks like blue and then purple when you visited it.
Like that's just cool.
I want to hear people like that talk more because I just have not had those
kind of inputs.
I've never listened to Mark Andreessen talk.
I hadn't either.
That was the first I'd ever heard him speak at all.
Yeah.
Uh, he actually talked about something not technical that was the most fascinating
thing.
The thing that I took away from it and had to tell my wife is about this book.
I can't remember the title of the book now.
You'll just have to go listen to that three hour episode.
Uh, but he talked about this book.
It was like a, an ancient like Greco Roman historian or something that had
like basically an outlined human civilization and those early, like early
societies, how extreme and cult, like the, the, basically all of society
was made up of these cults that were just like 100,000 times more extreme
than what we would think of as a cult today.
Oh, wow.
And that everyday life was so centered around survival that like it was just
extreme.
I mean, like in ways we wouldn't recognize or we could never kind of fathom,
but like everybody in that setting knew their place and they all had this
like, you woke up every day knowing exactly what you had to do or people
around, you could die.
Yeah.
Whereas today we're so far away from survival that like we're just this very
deluded down society.
That's just like literally hundreds of thousands of times less intense.
So we have all this like the clickbait and the fake drama and the like hot
takes, it's all just so we kind of feel something because it's such a deluded
down world that we live in compared to back then, it's really interesting
when you start digging into that stuff.
And it touches on like religion and like all of these things, you know,
patriotism, like ways that we try to create some semblance of, of something
that's like that, because there's this part of us that's sort of evolved with
that really fascinating stuff that blew my mind.
I don't know how they got to talking about it, but I want to read the book.
Nice.
That sounds interesting.
Yeah, I've never really heard Mark Anderson talk or I don't really even
read stuff by him.
I've read both of Ben Horowitz's books.
I don't know if he has more than two.
I read both of them.
And he, I have like always really, really liked him.
Which one is he the subtle art and?
No, he, what, what did Ben Horowitz did?
The latest one was who you are is what you do, which is all about company culture.
And the first one is the hard thing about hard things.
Well, hard thing about hard things.
That's one I was thinking of.
Yes, I have.
Yeah.
So the first half of the one time, yeah.
So the first half of the book, everyone will read the first part of the book in one
sitting because it's just his story of like founding his company and like the
insane ups and downs that they had, like they were in like one crazy scenario to
the next to the next and next for like such a long period of time.
It was like barely scraping by and like eventually making it.
It's like thrilling to see how like they just came close and dying so many times.
That's just like a fantastic story on its own.
And all those lessons from that are are very, very good.
Again, it's one of the, like in one of my 10 books, I think.
Yeah.
And the second one about company culture is very good as well.
I actually don't think I finished it.
I think I read like a half.
I check out when it's company stuff because it's like, yeah, I think what was
interesting about the second one is he talks about establishing culture and of
course he uses some company examples, but then he uses like stuff that you wouldn't
think of as a company, but a company just an organization, organizations exist
everywhere.
So he talks about like how like it's like a mafia sets culture.
Oh, interesting.
Things like that.
Yeah, it's pretty cool.
Yeah, I remember hard things about hard things.
I can remember exactly like what season of life I listened to that book.
I remember the gym I was working out in.
I don't remember much about the book, but it's funny.
Was that when you found your company?
No, it would have been, well, let's see.
We were living where we were when we were building this house.
It's only been like four or five years ago.
OK, yeah, or three or four years ago.
Yeah, not that not that long ago.
Nice.
We've gone for an hour.
Did you realize that?
We've been going for an hour lately.
We have.
I guess this podcast is an hour long now that I listen to Lex Friedman.
It's like this is short.
Two and a half hours.
No big deal.
Yeah, this is just some quick, easy listening.
Yeah.
Do you have anything else?
No, it's all for me.
So you don't want to ramp it back up real quick.
All right.
See you next.
[Music]